I guess I've been chosen for... something. 

I remember signing a paper for discovering parallel universes, but I didn't actually expect it to happen.

Now here I am... inside of a capsule about to attempt to travel 4x the speed of light. I just hope it isn't painful.

Okay. I think I made it, but I can't tell. It looks too similar for me to say. As I'm leaving, I notice a guy at the reception desk when I could've sworn it was a girl.

Whatever, I probably just forgot or she got fired, for whatever reason. My trip home is fine, nothing interesting happened.

Finally home.

I open the door and I'm gretted by... a guy?

I ask where my wife is and he asks who my wife is. I explain that she kind of looks like him, but with less facial hair.

He says he doesn't know anybody by that description, but that I look oddly similar to his wife as well.

Natually, we're both a bit confused, so we take turns answering questions and quickly realize that his wife went to test a similar thing that I did, as well as the fact that our interests line up with each others' spouses

"I guess we're a couple now?" I said jokingly, to which he replied, "I guess that isn't a bad thing, since, other than each other's appearance, we're basically each other's spouses."

"I guess it isn't."

After a while, I decided to try and call my other friends, since, theoretically, their numbers wouldn't have changed. 

Luckily, I was right and was quickly able to get in touch with Jackson, Andrew, Tim, and John. Of course, now they have the names of Jacqulin, Andrea, Tabatha, and Jane.

After explaining the situation and giving them a "quiz," I think I finally know what happened.

I went to a parallel universe where everything except the genders have stayed the same. After checking with Andrew's now-brother Aaron, I confirmed the same was true for girls.

Now comes the final test: animated videos. After finding one I've watched quite a few times, convinently under the same name, I could confirm the same happened with animations as well.

I must say, it's going to take a little getting used to, but I'll figure it out eventually.


copyright (c) redegg89
Requested by Hefestus#8985